[NARRATOR] Previously on
Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!
It was a family affair.
[SHIRO]
If you don't do things right,
folks'll get the wrong
idea about her!
[NARRATOR]
In light of his father's advice,
Sakurai decided to reconsider
his relationship with Hana.
Though Christmas Eve
was quickly approaching,
their future remained uncertain.
Hana was up to her
usual mischief
testing Sakurai's patience,
when suddenly...
[SAKURAI]
Never mind. She's the worst.
[UZAKI]
Open up, you jerk!
[NARRATOR]
They had reached a new hurdle.
The promise of a jolly holiday
looked increasingly unlikely.
[ASAI sighs]
You know what I've finally
realized about you two?
When one of you tries to hit
the gas on your relationship,
the other slams the brakes.
Yeah.
The two of you couldn't
be more out of sync.
[UZAKI gasps]
We're sick and tired
of you leading us on
with this stop-and-go nonsense.
It's like you're completely
hopeless when it comes to love!
[CAFÉ OWNER]
What is this, an intervention?
And more importantly,
I'm not sure if you're
the one who should be
making those accusations,
my dear Ami.
Why're you giving me
the third degree?
Sakurai's always
been a loner anyway,
so this isn't anything
worth worrying about.
We'll just have to wait
until this all blows over!
[ASAI] There's no time with
Christmas Eve around the corner!
So, you're giving up
on the situation?
'Cause I was gonna turn down
these girls in our class
who asked me and Saku out,
but maybe we'll join 'em.
[UZAKI gasps]
I really didn't wanna
stoop this low, trust me,
but you've left me no choice.
I guess desperate times
call for desperate measures!
Screw letting things blow over,
I'm blowing them up!
Let's take a breath
and calm down.
I have no doubt that
he'll forgive her.
A sincere apology
should do the trick.
You think so?
[YANAGI] Wait, what?
Let me get this straight.
You pissed bestie off so badly
that he banned you from
his place? What the heck
were you even thinking, Hana?
If you don't pull
yourself together
and do some damage control,
you'll be spending Christmas
all by your lonesome.
You're gonna end up like Kiri.
Hey! Don't act like you know
my business! I have plans!
Oh, that's right, you're meeting
up with your swim pals
and crying about how
you're all virgins.
[KIRI] Uh! Dammit. That's
exactly what I was gonna do!
Would you lay off
the lecturing, please?
I've already apologized
to him a bunch.
Besides, it's none of
your business, Yanagi.
Au contraire!
--Gesundheit.
--Is that Spanish?
Gotta say, from
where I'm standing,
there're some obvious details
that you're failing to notice.
And because it's
none of my business,
I'm free to stir things up
as much as I want.
Wow, savage.
[sighs] Look, do me
a favor and butt out.
I know you're only poking fun,
but you shouldn't
tease Hana like that.
Can't you see how this
is affecting her?
[YANAGI] Yeah, but she's
so slow on the uptake
that I can't help
if I get impatient.
And her doofy man friend
doesn't make it any easier.
He's kind of an airhead.
What can I say?
They both amuse me to no end.
[TSUKI sighs]
[KIRI] Note to self, if you ever
start crushing on someone,
make sure Yanagi
never finds out.
[YANAGI] Still, it's almost the
25th. She can't give up yet.
Not when she's
so close to the goal!
Which means it's my turn.
I've gotta get in there
and work my magic!
It's a great day for a latte!
[UZAKI groans]
Hey there, Yanagi.
Good to see ya!
You've got something up
your sleeve, don't you?
You know it, girlfriend.
From what I hear, my big sis
happens to be in
a bit of a pinch.
It appears she had a tiff
with Sakurai recently.
Things have been a bit
awkward since then.
Huh...
[ASAI] They're currently
at a bit of a stalemate.
[YANAGI] Hana's probably too
nervous to break the ice first.
At this rate, they're
gonna be stuck like this.
Yeah, that's true.
But what exactly are you
gonna do to change that?
[laughs]
Hey Sakurai, do you
have a second?
Huh?
Happened to learn about some
drama through the grapevine.
Word is that you and
Hana had a big fight,
and now she's not
allowed to come over?
Uh, well.
That's more or less it.
[UZAKI growls]
Yikers! And with the
holidays coming up fast,
that means you're gonna be in
for one lonely Christmas, huh?
Yeah.
In that case,
why don't I come over
to keep you company that day?
[UZAKI gasps]
Wait? What are you--!
I'm way better at video
games than my sister,
so we'll have plenty of fun.
[BOTH] Holy crap. That girl
just threw some major shade!
[ASAI] Wait, I get it. No wonder
Hana isn't being aggressive.
She's never had to compete
with anyone for her prey!
This is the type of trickery
than can only come from
knowing every aspect of
someone's personality
and then using that against her!
[CAFÉ OWNER] Such diabolical
strategizing from a 14-year-old.
[CAFÉ OWNER, ASAI]
What a twisted little sister!
Actually, why didn't
you ever try
making a dig at Hana
to help spur her on?
Come again? Dig what?
Oh, well. Never mind.
Uhh, I might have to
get back to you on that.
[ASAI] Not the most basic
response in the world!
I don't think there's
anyone more clueless
than that musclehead
over there.
[YANAGI] Aw, c'mon!
I promise I won't bite.
I know Hana's not allowed
to hang at your place,
but we're still cool, aren't we?
Well, yeah. I guess so.
Hmm...
You can't hang with her! Huh?
For real? But why,
what's the problem?
I mean, it's not like
he invited you
in the first place,
so it isn't your concern.
[UZAKI grunts]
What's the matter Hana?
You jealous or something?
[UZAKI] You can't do that
'cause I have a better idea!
Ooh!
I was thinking you
should come celebrate
Christmas Eve at our house!
What the--
[UZAKI] We got tons of video
games, Mom and I'll cook,
and you can pet
the cats all you want!
[YANAGI]
Hold on, is that a good idea?
[UZAKI]
Whaddaya say, Sakurai?
Since it's my home, the terms
of my exile don't apply!
I found a loophole!
Huh. Kay.
I mean, I'm not
mad at her anymore
and I was gonna un-banish
her, so... Hmph.
Okay, then, that settles it.
It's officially on the calendar.
Heh! Glad it's in the books.
Not trying to spoil the mood,
but you sure about this?
Cause I feel like you forgot
Dad's gonna be there too.
[gasping]
You might wanna ask
if you can still
chill at Sakurai's instead.
Yeah but, it'll
look too suspicious.
Like I'm trying to make up
an excuse to spend
the holidays alone
with him in his apartment.
Where's the lie though?
Okay, look!
I need you to stop
being a little weirdo
and quit stirring the pot
for no good reason.
Wouldn't have to if you
weren't such a scaredy cat.
[UZAKI] Ever heard of minding
your own business?
Anyway, don't worry about me!
I'll ask Dad about it!
[YANAGI]
Whatever, it's your funeral.
Good luck with Daddy.
[UZAKI] No turning back.
All I can do now is pray
that all this goes off
without a hitch.
[NARRATOR] Though there was
a likely chance it would
blow up in her face,
she remained optimistic.
[UZAKI]
Why am I so anxious about this?
It's entirely possible that Dad
might actually like Sakurai.
Hey, now that I think about it,
I feel like this
could totally work.
Sakurai's a stand-up guy.
Yeah. There's no way
they won't hit it off.
This is gonna be a
night to remember!
[SAKURAI] Ya know, you've been
awfully quiet all day long.
Did you catch a
cold or something?
[gasps] Uh, nuh-uh!
What're you going on about,
I feel fit as a fiddle!
It's just, um... I was thinking
that the two of us
have been hanging out
for a while now.
But this'll be the first time
we've spent Christmas together.
[UZAKI] No more stressing.
It'll be fine.
Dad and Sakurai are gonna
get along perfectly!
Hey everyone, I'm home!
Hey, you must be Hana's friend!
I know it's freezing out, so
come in and warm yourselves up.
I'm so glad you could join us!
[grunting]
Huh... Uh...?
I see. So, you're the lucky guy!
[NARRATOR]
But his luck had just run out.
♪ Bowlin' over like a rolling
stone along the way! ♪
♪ But will I end up in
your arms, who can say. ♪
[KIRI]
We seriously need to get laid.
[UZAKI] Right then, can I
get you something to drink?
We've got some top shelf hooch.
[SAKURAI]
I'm good, actually. Thanks.
[TSUKI] I've lit all the
candles. Everyone ready?
[YANAGI] I'll go ahead and
turn the lights off, then.
[FUJIO growls]
[GROUP]
Talk about awkward.
Yeah, so about my dad.
Uh, you could say that
he's protective
when family's concerned.
Is he now? I didn't notice.
I appreciate the heads up.
[YANAGI] Okey-doke, then.
I'll turn the lights back on.
So, I, uh... When you
told me to call you Fujio,
I kinda assumed it was your
last name this whole time.
I had no idea that you were
actually Uzaki's father.
You implying that I'm
old or somethin'?
Uh, not at all. Anyway,
what should I call you?
Like should I say, "Mr. Uzaki"?
Why you bein' so
formal there, son?
[SAKURAI grunts]
C'mon, is he not allowed
to use your last name?
Uzaki, help me!
Why don't you relax dear?
Don't be so rigid
with the young man
when you've barely even met him!
Seriously, Dad,
just unclench already.
I've met Hana's friend
a few times
and he's really nice.
Isn't that right, Hana?
Dad, you're gonna pop a vein.
[FUJIO grunting]
[YANAGI]
Whatever, don't worry about him.
Kick back and make
yourself at home!
[TSUKI] There's plenty of food
to go around, so don't be shy.
Eat as much as you'd like.
[SAKURAI]
Thank you, 'preciate it.
[FUJIO]
Tch. Jeez.
Why're they making me out
to be the bad guy here?
Know what, I'm gonna
work him like a racehorse
next time we're at the gym.
[FUJIO gasps]
Wait.
Oh... my... God!
[FUJIO gasping]
[FUJIO] You know what buddy?
Lemme start over.
Here, kid. Allow me to me
top up your drink for you.
[SAKURAI] Okay, I don't
trust that face one bit!
[FUJIO]
Of all the rotten luck...
I can't believe the
loser my baby girl's
been crushing on is Sakurai!
I've lost count of how many
times I've spilled my guts
to him! Oh God,
if anyone finds out...
You thought it was appropriate
to talk about your
daughter's love life
at your freakin' job?
Wow. Thanks, Dad.
[YANAGI] You violated your
own child's boundaries?
How can we even
trust you anymore?
[FUJIO] Both of my precious
little angels are gonna
disown me. I have to prevent
that from happening
no matter what!
[FUJIO] Why don't you and I
have a chat by the tree?
Right now?
[FUJIO] Don't worry,
I'm not gonna jump him.
I just wanna talk
to him man to man.
[sighs] I'm gonna pass out.
You feeling all right,
Fu-- Mr. Fujio?
You need me to go and
get you a towel, sir?
There's something important
I wanted to check in about.
But it's fine if you don't
remember what I'm referring to.
Okay?
[FUJIO] It's uh, about
that one discussion
we had while we were training.
[SAKURAI]
What discussion? I'm not sure?
My eldest daughter's been
driving me up the wall,
cause it turns out
she's going nuts
over this friend
of hers from school.
I think she's got a crush
on him. He lives by himself,
and she hangs out
with him on the regular.
[laughing nervously]
Stop! You aren't going anywhere!
I know you know what
I'm talkin' about!
[SAKURAI]
I'm sorry!
I just can't handle this
conversation anymore!
I get this is a lot,
but we need to talk!
I got a favor to ask you,
so listen up!
[SAKURAI gasping]
The only reason I brought
that stuff up in the first place
is 'cause I didn't think you
and Hana knew each other.
Boy, did that end up being
a heck of a coincidence.
Uh, sure. I guess.
But at the end of the day it was
basically a total accident.
[SAKURAI]
Pardon?
[FUJIO] See, what I'm
trying to get at here
is it was no one's fault.
Right.
So, uh, is there any way
you could maybe
forget about all of that?
Please, kid. If my innocent
sugarplum finds out
I was blabbing about her
at work, she'll hate me!
I can see that'd be
a problem for you.
[FUJIO] Look, just for today,
I'm begging you.
She's been looking forward to
this more than you can imagine!
My little angel prepped
the ingredients for
dinner all night!
[gasping]
[NARRATOR] Both men were
in such a state of panic
that neither of them realized
Fujio was continuing
to dig a deeper
grave for himself.
If you can keep quiet about
our benchside exchanges,
then I'll mind my manners
for the rest of the evening.
Please let my cutie patootie
enjoy herself! I'm begging you!
[SAKURAI]
Yeah, you got it.
And anyway, it's not like
I'd ever live it down
if I was the first to squeal
about how Uzaki and I, ya know.
I owe you one, buddy.
We should probably
sit back down.
And don't worry, I'm make sure
we figure out another time
to discuss your intentions
with my daughter.
[SAKURAI]
I am so dead.
[FUJIO, SAKURAI laughing]
Took you long enough!
What was that about?
Nothing! Were you scared that
your dad was gonna yell at me?
We were laughing
about being surprised
'cause we've run
into each other before.
Oh, is that all? What a relief!
[SAKURAI] Even if he wants
me to forget everything,
at this point, it's impossible!
You better eat something
to soak up all that liquid.
C'mon, this is home cooking!
[SAKURAI] It does smell nice.
I'll try some in a bit.
[UZAKI]
Whaddaya mean in a bit?
You gotta eat this meat while
it's still moist and juicy!
[SAKURAI]
Uh, okay.
[UZAKI]
Oh, is it too hot for you?
Do you want me to blow on it
for a minute to cool it off?
[SAKURAI]
No, it's fine, I can do it!
[SAKURAI] The steam's
getting in my face, Uzaki!
[UZAKI] Quit struggling and
open your mouth, already.
--Get ready for the airplane!
--Uzaki get off me.
You've got some
real nerve to come here
and flirt with my daughter!
But we weren't flirting!
Ugh. What's wrong with you?
This is how we are!
That's even worse!
Darling, behave yourself!
[FUJIO grunting]
I love you guys, but I'm over
these sausage parties!
Next year'll be different!
I'm getting a girlfriend if
it's the last thing I do!
Good luck, man. For real.
Speaking of which, your older
sister's pretty cute, isn't she?
[KIRI]
Mm?
Yeah, don't you
have two sisters?
Your mom's kinda cute, too!
[KIRI]
Knock it off, that's my mom!
But Kiri's the cutest
of them all, right?
[GROUP]
Uh...
As much as I'd like
to hate you right now,
I'm willing to put my feelings
aside for the moment.
Consider yourself lucky.
Look kid, I still need
your cooperation.
Copy that.
[FUJIO] That's right. Just have
as much fun as possible,
and no one will know.
I believe in you.
[NARRATOR] Though Fujio was
trying to save his hide,
he genuinely did have
the fatherly desire
to ensure his daughter's
peace of mind.
Sakurai managed to
regain his composure,
and went to work livening up the
party like nothing had happened.
Here, Sakurai!
[NARRATOR]
He indulged in the food.
Say when, Sakurai!
[NARRATOR]
He drank his fill.
Nice, Sakurai!
[NARRATOR]
He gamed like a pro. However...
[SAKURAI whimpering]
Mr. Fujio.
[NARRATOR] Just as the
atmosphere finally began
to lighten up...
[SAKURAI]
Can we call a time out, please?
[FUJIO]
You're giving up already?!
[NARRATOR] The man of the hour
quickly threw in the towel.
[SAKURAI]
I don't think I can do this.
It's too much pressure
trying to act natural
while keeping a secret.
You literally had one job
but I guess it was too much
for you to handle. Although I
can't blame you since you tried.
Hey, it's not my fault.
I didn't expect to
see you tonight
and it threw me for a loop.
But I guess it was
probably for the best
that we at least gave it a shot.
I guess.
[SAKURAI] I wish that I
could just forget everything.
[FUJIO]
Hey, that's a great idea!
You know, that could
be another option.
How do hard you think I'd
need to bop you on the head
in order to make that happen?
I would much prefer to leave
violence as a last resort.
Wait. That's perfect!
Yeah? I hope you got insurance.
No, not that.
It's kinda shameful, and I
don't do it all the time,
but there've been times
I've drunk so much
that I forgot stuff!
Who knows how well it'll
work with our history,
but if I get sauced enough,
I'll have a reason to go home
either way, sand then
we'll be in the clear!
[FUJIO]
That does make sense.
If this goes as planned,
we can entertain Hana,
protect our secret,
and have a reasonable
excuse to end the party.
And if all goes well,
you'll manage
to forget about tonight, too.
Yes! That's killing at least
three birds with one stone!
Time for Plan B.
Drink all the booze
in the house,
and if there's not enough,
then I'll run out and buy more.
Start knockin' 'em back,
soldier!
[SAKURAI]
Yes, sir!
[FUJIO]
Actually, on second thought,
why's this chump in such
a hurry to black out?
What's his deal anyway?
Does he really not see Hana
as anything more than a friend?
What're you doing
all the way over there?
Come hang out on the couch!
[FUJIO]
He better not be leaving
my honey muffin
on the back burner.
[NARRATOR]
An hour later, he was drunk.
[SAKURAI sighs]
Dang Sakurai, if I
didn't know any better,
I'd say you were sloshed.
Not to chase you out
of the house,
but we should probably call
it a night, don't you think?
Huh?
[YANAGI] There's that
constipated look again.
Is he still plotting something?
Wait, you wanna see
something funny?
[FUJIO]
Uh...
Whenever he's plastered,
he'll say anything.
Usually when I try this,
he fights me off
and runs like the wind,
but right now
he's utterly defenseless.
--Look-it dem squishy cheeks!
--Ma cheeks.
[FUJIO] Uh... Could you
cut that out, sweetie?
You must be pretty
buzzed yourself
since you're getting so
touchy-feely with him!
I'll make sure to say this again
when you're sober later,
but would you promise
Daddy that you'll
stay away from
those college ragers?
No one says ragers, Dad.
How you feelin'? Did you
enjoy tonight's dinner?
It was delicious.
Super yummy like always.
You're wasted, but I'll take it.
[TSUKI]
My goodness, how interesting.
Hana's playful side really
comes out when she's had a few.
Wowzers Sakurai, are you
always this loosey-goosey
after you slam some back?
I'm good. That's enough for me.
Well, gimme a second,
might have a second wind.
Okay, now I'm a bit concerned.
[FUJIO]
What a light weight.
He's completely put himself
out of commission.
It's all going
according to plan!
He's gone into auto-reply mode
just like an AI assistant.
Hey, Mom, you should try
asking him something.
Sure, okay. Long as that's
okay with Sakurai.
[SAKURAI grunts]
Firstly, I want to thank
you for always keeping
my daughter company.
Would you mind if I ask you
to keep looking out for her?
Yeah, of course.
To be honest, Hana can be a
pain in the neck sometimes.
But right when you need her,
she comes through.
And she's an
incredible chef, too.
Though she can be a pain
in the neck sometimes.
[YANAGI]
So true he said it twice.
I'm not very good with words,
but you should know
that I'm grateful
for everything.
[UZAKI laughs]
[TSUKI]
That is one smug mug!
[YANAGI]
Did she seriously just use Mom
to fish for compliments.
Aw, you only say stuff
like that when you're tipsy.
It's nice to hear it though,
so we gotta figure out
how to get you to be mushy
like this every day!
[FUJIO] Yes, give into
bliss of the booze.
Let go of those memories
and be free!
The only reason I
don't say that stuff
is 'cause I'm self-conscious.
But no matter what,
I'm grateful for you,
and I really mean that.
[UZAKI squeals]
[TSUKI laughs]
[YANAGI laughs]
This conversation's starting
to take a romantic turn!
'Cause you know, I think
my parents confused me.
Huh?
Especially my old man.
Him and my mom used
to be all affectionate
with each other in front of me.
Nothing wrong with that,
but I've always hated
that sorta thing
since I was a kid.
[TSUKI, FUJIO grunt]
[SAKURAI]
And since I grew up trying
to avoid turning into Dad,
it means showing my feelings
feels like pulling teeth.
I guess I can't blame you
for always wanting
to poke fun at that part of me.
But I don't know, lately I find
myself looking forward to it.
You getting up in my business
and screaming my ear off.
You do?
When I went to see my folks,
my old man told me something
that really shook me.
He said that if I didn't hurry
up and do things right by you,
it could cause you trouble.
So that's what I've been
thinking about lately.
Just giving you some
proper consideration.
Sakurai...
[FUJIO sobs]
He loves her!
[NARRATOR] It took everything
the man had to grit his teeth
and keep himself
from shouting out loud.
[FUJIO]
No! He's in love with her!